MAGIC

THIRD TIER - CHOSEN AT GAME CREATION
UNLOCKS TIER 3 UPGRADES
 Can build Abominations
 Flasks
 - Flasks are map wide commanded, usable by all units. Consumes all 
   unit's flask upon command and provides the relevant buff. Flasks
   cannot be used again for (average unit creation time * 5). A unit
   can refill its flask by entering the range of a Laboratory.
 - Can choose between:
	- Flask of Stoneskin: Temporarily boosts all unit's armor.
	  Reduces the rate at which resources drain from collection
	  by your Workers.
	- Flask of Power: Temporarily boosts all unit's damage.
	  Increases the resource collection speed of Workers.
	- Flask of Speed: Temporarily boosts all unit's movement
	  speed and reduces special ability cooldowns. Increases
	  the build speed of workers.

SECOND TIER
UNLOCKS TIER 2 UPGRADES
 Obelisk
 - Allows Obelisks to be built. These are large sight line buildings
   with a number of abilities. Obelisks can be upgraded to provide
   a narrow line of sight between another chosen Obelisk, as well as
   upgraded to boost the damage and armor of all friendly buildings
   and units within range.
 - Can choose between two of the following:
	- Provides true sight, revealing all Rogues and Subverters
	  within range.
	- Will summon a Demon when an enemy is within range. Short
	  cooldown.
	- An Obelisk can link to one unit. Once linked, if that unit
	  would have been killed, the unit is instead saved from death,
	  set to 1 HP, teleported to the Obelisk, and the Obelisk's 
	  maximum HP is reduced by the total health pool of the unit 
	  it is linked to. The link is visible by all players. A unit's
	  link to the Obelisk is removed if its total health pool
	  exceeds that of the Obelisk.
 Empowered Wizardry
 - Wizards or Acolytes can now be commanded to link with other Wizards
   or Acolytes. Requires 3 of the same unit type. If Wizards are
   linked, provides the ability to deal damage to a 2x2 location within 
   a massive radius, or if Acolytes are linked, provides the ability to
   heal a 2x2 location within a massive radius. Any friendly or enemy
   units within the target locations are affected by the damage or
   healing. All linked units will cast their ability at the same time
   as other identical linked units within range, and any additional
   casts beyond the first linked circle will target a random location
   within an additional 2 spaces in any direction beyond the first
   target location.

FIRST TIER
UNLOCKS TIER 1 UPGRADES
 The Occult
 - The Occult are different structures the player can build to perform
   different functions. Some are more passive than others. The player
   may only choose between one of the building options.
 - Choose between:
	- Soul Subjugator: Has a chance to capture the soul of any
	  slain ally within a massive range and give them a second 
	  chance at life, respawning them. Will not activate if the
	  respawned unit would exceed the player's Population cap.
		- All units are granted additional health. Units
		  respawned with Soul Subjugator lose this effect.
			Special Available Upgrade: Soulwell: All ruby units 
			are granted additional health on spawn. Ruby units 
			respawned with Soul Subjugator lose this effect.
	- Ritual Grounds: Requires a Warlock within range to activate.
	  Continuously spawns Demons that are Soulbound to the nearest
	  Warlock. If that Warlock dies, the Demons will follow suite
	  shortly after. Demons cannot stray too far from their
	  Soulbound Warlock and will die if they are out of range.
	  Demons do not take up Population. A maximum of 20 Demons
	  summoned by Ritual Grounds can be active at any point.
		- All Demons are empowered, and gain additional damage.
			Special Available Upgrade: Mass Enslavement: Warlocks 
			now summon 3 Demons at once. The Warlock will not summon 
			more Demons until all 3 are dead.
	- Unholy Ziggurat: Requires units to be sacrificed at the
	  Unholy Ziggurat to charge up. Can reach 3 different charge
	  levels at 5, 10, and 20 sacrifices. Unholy Ziggurat can be
	  commanded to power up a location on the map once charged, 
	  granting all friendly units in that location extra damage, 
	  armor, and a chance to heal when dealing damage. Each charge 
	  level increases the effects of the power up. Unholy Ziggurat
	  cannot power up other units or locations within the time frame
	  of the currently active power up.
		- Grants additional movement speed to all units of the same 
		  type that was last sacrificed at Unholy Ziggurat.
			Special Available Upgrade: Any unit currently empowered 
			by Unholy Ziggurat can be sacrificed at an Unholy Ziggurat 
			to immediately recharge the Unholy Ziggurat to the charge 
			level it was previously at, minus one charge level.
 - Abominations can be sacrificed at a Temple for body parts, and then
   those body parts can be used to custom build Abominations with their
   own stats. Each body part provides a different boost to stats.



TECHNOLOGY

THIRD TIER - CHOSEN AT GAME CREATION
UNLOCKS TIER 3 UPGRADES
 Can build Automatons
 Combat Specialization
 - Choose between:
	- Stealth:
		- Rogues will remain invisible if they kill an enemy with
		  an attack boosted by the damage of Stealth.
		- Subverter are equipped with explosives and can be
		  commanded to explode, dealing massive damage within
		  a short range to all units and buildings. Destroys
		  the Subverter in the process.
	- Recklessness:
		- Berserkers activate nanotech in their blood when in
		  combat, dealing constant damage to all nearby enemy
		  units in range.
		- Automatons can release a wave of Tachyon particles,
		  dealing small damage initially to all units and
		  buildings in range, with the damage then being
		  increased to a large amount over a short amount of 
		  time. The Automaton is unable to move or attack while
		  channeling this ability.
	- Protectorate:
		- Knights can greatly improve the armor of friendly units
		  within a short radius for a short amount of time. This
		  increase in armor does not affect themselves or other
		  Knights.
		- Wizards can be commanded to protect a unit
		  automatically selected in combat and redirect part
		  of the damage taken by that unit for a short duration 
		  to a Knight if one is in range. If no Knight is
		  within range, the damage is redirected to the Wizard.
		  Does not work on other Wizards.

SECOND TIER
UNLOCKS TIER 2 UPGRADES
 Obelisk
 - Allows Obelisks to be built. These are large sight line buildings
   with a number of abilities. Obelisks can be upgraded to provide
   a narrow line of sight between another chosen Obelisk, as well as
   upgraded to boost the damage and armor of all friendly buildings
   and units within range.
 - Can choose between two of the following:
	- Provides true sight, revealing all Rogues and Subverters
	  within range.
	- Allows units to teleport between Obelisks.
	- Launches rockets at enemy units within range, dealing small
	  area of effect damage.
 Shock Troopers
 - Automatons gain the ability to teleport to any unit in combat. Does
   not activate for Automatons already in combat. This activates for
   all Automatons not in combat. The player may choose a point on the
   map within range of any combat where the Automatons will teleport to.
   This ability has a long cooldown.

FIRST TIER
UNLOCKS TIER 1 UPGRADES
 ADVANCED WEAPONRY
 - Advanced Weaponry are various structures that provide different
   powerful effects. The player may only chooses between one of the
   building options.
 - Choose between:
	- Rail Gun: A large turret building capable of single shot
	  damage dealing massive damage to all enemy units in a line.
	  Long recharge time between each shot. The damage is reduced
	  for each unit hit beyond the first. The Rail Gun has a
	  large range but requires active sight on an enemy and must
	  be facing the direction of the enemy to attack.
			Special Available Upgrade: Handheld Rail Gun: Rangers 
			are given Handheld Rail Guns. Their shots now penetrate 
			targets and deal damage to all enemies in a line, but 
			they now attack slower.
	- Stasis Field: A building with a massive range. The player can
	  choose a location within the building's range to target, and
	  freeze all enemy units and buildings in time. Lasts for 15 
	  seconds. Units and buildings caught inside the stasis field 
	  cannot move or attack for the duration.
			Special Available Upgrade: Revealing Stasis: You gain 
			sight on the location that the Stasis Field is effecting 
			for its duration.
	- Launch Site: A rocket launch facility capable of
	  putting a salvo station into orbit. Once in orbit, an orbital
	  bombardment can be called down on any area in the map for
	  massive damage to everything in that area. Requires time
	  between each bombardment for a new salvo station to be placed
	  into orbit. Requires active sight on the target location.
			Special Available Upgrade: Drone Swarm: Choose any 
			location on the map to deploy a swarm of drones to. The 
			Drone Swarm spawns from a Launch Site, and move extremely 
			fast, and deal damage to any enemy unit inside the swarm.
			Long cooldown.
- Acolytes now have greater control over their nano tech and deal slow
  damage to all enemies within range over time.


UNIT EFFECTS
instant building time on cooldown
sight on whole map
rail gun (massive damage, long range)
stasis field






TECHNOLOGY
 -Drones, robots, etc.
 -Scientific upgrades and weapons, etc.
 -Workers don't have to drop resources off to a drop point
  by using drones to drop the resources off instead.
 -Subverters can deal heavy instant damage to any building
  via explosives (kills them in the process).
 -Obelisks can now be converted to rockets, to deal massive damage
  to any target location within a huge radius.